@noteNotMatchingBookmarks               TRUE
@createNewDocumentFromTemplate          C:\Users\hp\eclipse-workspace\CRM\src\com\crm\auxiliares\templates\informe_hipoteca.dotm
fin                                     wdrgtfhy
valad                                   gf
credito                                 46
plazotot                                5
dom                                     ghf
cargas                                  3
dni_nie                                 345678g
ape1                                    Rodero
ape2                                    Castro
nombrecli                               Clara
fechan                                  
prof                                    
dom                                     
pob                                     
cp                                      
nomemp                                  DogWuaw
activemp                                34
antiguo                                 3
posicion                                34
diremp                                  
telemp                                  
fijosmen                                43
varmen                                  4
gastosalq                               43
gastoshipo                              45
otrospres                               
valorvivi                               
cargasvivi                              
propiedad                               true
escritura                               true
contratpriv                             false
otros                                   false
padres                                  false
alquiler                                false
fijo                                    true
temp                                    true
aut                                     false
otrosmas                                false
dni_nie_conyu                           234567h
ape1_conyu                              
ape2_conyu                              
nombrecli_conyu                         Pepe
fechan_conyu                            
prof_conyu                              
dom_conyu                               
pob_conyu                               
cp_conyu                                
nomemp_conyu                            wterty
activemp_conyu                          5
antiguo_conyu                           5
posicion_conyu                          
diremp_conyu                            
telemp_conyu                            
fijosmen_conyu                          
varmen_conyu                            
gastosalq_conyu                         
gastoshipo_conyu                        
otrospres_conyu                         
valorvivi_conyu                         
cargasvivi_conyu                        
propiedad_conyu                         true
escritura_conyu                         true
contratpriv_conyu                       false
otros_conyu                             false
padres_conyu                            false
alquiler_conyu                          false
fijo_conyu                              false
temp_conyu                              true
aut_conyu                               false
otrosmas_conyu                          true
@changeDocumentDirectory                C:\Users\hp\documents\Informes_hipotecario\Clara
@saveDocumentAs                         Clara
